bundles/org.openhab.ui/doc/components/oh-slider-item.md, before:

---
title: oh-slider-item - Slider List Item
component: oh-slider-item
label: Slider List Item
description: Display a slider control in a list
source: https://github.com/openhab/openhab-webui/edit/main/bundles/org.openhab.ui/doc/components/oh-slider-item.md
prev: /docs/ui/components/
---

# oh-slider-item - Slider List Item

<!-- Put a screenshot here if relevant:
![](./images/oh-slider-item/header.jpg)
-->

[[toc]]

<!-- Note: you can overwrite the definition-provided description and add your own intro/additional sections instead -->
<!-- DO NOT REMOVE the following comments if you intend to keep the definition-provided description -->
<!-- GENERATED componentDescription -->
Display a slider control in a list
<!-- GENERATED /componentDescription -->

## Configuration

<!-- DO NOT REMOVE the following comments -->
<!-- GENERATED props -->
### List Item
<div class="props">
<PropGroup name="listitem" label="List Item">
  General settings of the list item
<PropBlock type="TEXT" name="title" label="Title">
  <PropDescription>
    Title of the item
  </PropDescription>
</PropBlock>
<PropBlock type="TEXT" name="subtitle" label="Subtitle">
  <PropDescription>
    Subtitle of the item
  </PropDescription>
</PropBlock>
<PropBlock type="TEXT" name="after" label="After">
  <PropDescription>
    Text to display on the opposite side of the item (set either this or a badge)
  </PropDescription>
</PropBlock>
<PropBlock type="TEXT" name="icon" label="Icon">
  <PropDescription>
    Use <code>oh:iconName</code> (<a class="external text-color-blue" target="_blank" href="https://www.openhab.org/link/icons">openHAB icon</a>), <code>f7:iconName</code> (<a class="external text-color-blue" target="_blank" href="https://framework7.io/icons/">Framework7 icon</a>), <code>material:iconName</code> (<a class="external text-color-blue" target="_blank" href="https://jossef.github.io/material-design-icons-iconfont/">Material icon</a>) or <code>iconify:iconSet:iconName</code> (<a class="external text-color-blue" target="_blank" href="https://icon-sets.iconify.design">Iconify icon</a>, requires being online if not in cache)
  </PropDescription>
</PropBlock>
<PropBlock type="TEXT" name="iconColor" label="Icon Color">
  <PropDescription>
    Not applicable to openHAB icons
  </PropDescription>
</PropBlock>
<PropBlock type="BOOLEAN" name="iconUseState" label="Icon depends on state">
  <PropDescription>
    Use the state of the Item to get a dynamic icon (enabled by default for <code>Contact</code>, <code>Dimmer</code>, <code>Rollershutter</code> & <code>Switch</code> Item types) (for openHAB icons only)
  </PropDescription>
</PropBlock>
</PropGroup>
</div>

### Slider
<div class="props">
<PropGroup name="slider" label="Slider">
<PropBlock type="TEXT" name="item" label="Item" context="item">
  <PropDescription>
    Item to control
  </PropDescription>
</PropBlock>
<PropBlock type="DECIMAL" name="min" label="Min">
  <PropDescription>
    Minimum value
  </PropDescription>
</PropBlock>
<PropBlock type="DECIMAL" name="max" label="Max">
  <PropDescription>
    Maximum value
  </PropDescription>
</PropBlock>
<PropBlock type="DECIMAL" name="step" label="Step">
  <PropDescription>
    Minimum interval between values
  </PropDescription>
</PropBlock>
<PropBlock type="BOOLEAN" name="vertical" label="Vertical">
  <PropDescription>
    Display the slider vertically
  </PropDescription>
</PropBlock>
<PropBlock type="BOOLEAN" name="label" label="Display Label">
  <PropDescription>
    Display a label above the slider knob while sliding
  </PropDescription>
</PropBlock>
<PropBlock type="BOOLEAN" name="scale" label="Display Scale">
  <PropDescription>
    Display a scale on the slider
  </PropDescription>
</PropBlock>
<PropBlock type="INTEGER" name="scaleSteps" label="Scale steps">
  <PropDescription>
    Number of (major) scale markers
  </PropDescription>
</PropBlock>
<PropBlock type="INTEGER" name="scaleSubSteps" label="Scale sub-steps">
  <PropDescription>
    Number of scale minor markers between each major marker
  </PropDescription>
</PropBlock>
<PropBlock type="TEXT" name="unit" label="Unit">
  <PropDescription>
    Unit for the command sent and also append to the label while dragging the cursor, leave empty to use Item's unit
  </PropDescription>
</PropBlock>
<PropBlock type="BOOLEAN" name="ignoreDisplayState" label="Ignore Display State">
  <PropDescription>
    Ignore the display state if available and always use the raw state.
  </PropDescription>
</PropBlock>
<PropBlock type="BOOLEAN" name="releaseOnly" label="Send command only on release">
  <PropDescription>
    If enabled, no commands are sent during sliding
  </PropDescription>
</PropBlock>
<PropBlock type="INTEGER" name="commandInterval" label="Command Interval">
  <PropDescription>
    Time to wait between subsequent commands in ms (default 200)
  </PropDescription>
</PropBlock>
<PropBlock type="INTEGER" name="delayStateDisplay" label="Delay State Display">
  <PropDescription>
    Time to wait before switching from displaying user input to displaying item state in ms (default 2000)
  </PropDescription>
</PropBlock>
</PropGroup>
</div>


<!-- GENERATED /props -->

<!-- If applicable describe how properties are forwarded to a underlying component from Framework7, ECharts, etc.:
### Inherited Properties

-->

<!-- If applicable describe the slots recognized by the component and what they represent:
### Slots

#### `default`

The contents of the oh-slider-item.

-->

<!-- Add as many examples as desired - put the YAML in a details container when it becomes too long (~150/200+ lines):
## Examples

### Example 1

![](./images/oh-slider-item/example1.jpg)

```yaml
component: oh-slider-item
config:
  prop1: value1
  prop2: value2
```

### Example 2

![](./images/oh-slider-item/example2.jpg)

::: details YAML
```yaml
component: oh-slider-item
config:
  prop1: value1
  prop2: value2
slots
```
:::

-->

<!-- Try to clean up URLs to the forum (https://community.openhab.org/t/<threadID>[/<postID>] should suffice)
## Community Resources

- [Community Post 1](https://community.openhab.org/t/12345)
- [Community Post 2](https://community.openhab.org/t/23456)
-->

Commit message:

oh-slider-item: Respect `ignoreDisplayState` config & Improve docs (#3256)
Closes https://github.com/openhab/openhab-webui/issues/1503.

https://github.com/openhab/openhab-webui/issues/1503 is caused by the
display state of the Item formatting the raw state different from the
slider.
With this change, it is possible to make the oh-slider-item ignore the
display state for the displayed state value.
oh-slider also ignores the display state if that value is set.

---------

Signed-off-by: Florian Hotze <dev@florianhotze.com>

bundles/org.openhab.ui/doc/components/oh-slider-item.md, after:

---
title: oh-slider-item - Slider List Item
component: oh-slider-item
label: Slider List Item
description: Display a slider control in a list
source: https://github.com/openhab/openhab-webui/edit/main/bundles/org.openhab.ui/doc/components/oh-slider-item.md
prev: /docs/ui/components/
---

# oh-slider-item - Slider List Item

<!-- Put a screenshot here if relevant:
![](./images/oh-slider-item/header.jpg)
-->

[[toc]]

<!-- Note: you can overwrite the definition-provided description and add your own intro/additional sections instead -->
<!-- DO NOT REMOVE the following comments if you intend to keep the definition-provided description -->
<!-- GENERATED componentDescription -->
Display a slider control in a list
<!-- GENERATED /componentDescription -->

By default, the slider control will use the display state of the Item, if available.
If the display state is not available, it will use the raw state of the Item.
If you want to always use the raw state, set the `ignoreDisplayState` property to `true`.

> [!NOTE]
> If you have problems with the slider resetting to a different value than the one you set, it is likely that the display state of the Item does not allow enough decimals for the step size of the slider.
> If you have problems with the displayed state having a different number of decimals than the slider, it is likely that the display state of the Item does not allow enough decimals for the step size of the slider.
> 
> In those cases, make sure that either the state description of the Item is set to the same number of decimals than the step size (so that the display state has the same precision as the slider),
> or that the `ignoreDisplayState` property is set to `true`.

## Configuration

<!-- DO NOT REMOVE the following comments -->
<!-- GENERATED props -->
### List Item
<div class="props">
<PropGroup name="listitem" label="List Item">
  General settings of the list item
<PropBlock type="TEXT" name="title" label="Title">
  <PropDescription>
    Title of the item
  </PropDescription>
</PropBlock>
<PropBlock type="TEXT" name="subtitle" label="Subtitle">
  <PropDescription>
    Subtitle of the item
  </PropDescription>
</PropBlock>
<PropBlock type="TEXT" name="after" label="After">
  <PropDescription>
    Text to display on the opposite side of the item (set either this or a badge)
  </PropDescription>
</PropBlock>
<PropBlock type="TEXT" name="icon" label="Icon">
  <PropDescription>
    Use <code>oh:iconName</code> (<a class="external text-color-blue" target="_blank" href="https://www.openhab.org/link/icons">openHAB icon</a>), <code>f7:iconName</code> (<a class="external text-color-blue" target="_blank" href="https://framework7.io/icons/">Framework7 icon</a>), <code>material:iconName</code> (<a class="external text-color-blue" target="_blank" href="https://jossef.github.io/material-design-icons-iconfont/">Material icon</a>) or <code>iconify:iconSet:iconName</code> (<a class="external text-color-blue" target="_blank" href="https://icon-sets.iconify.design">Iconify icon</a>, requires being online if not in cache)
  </PropDescription>
</PropBlock>
<PropBlock type="TEXT" name="iconColor" label="Icon Color">
  <PropDescription>
    Not applicable to openHAB icons
  </PropDescription>
</PropBlock>
<PropBlock type="BOOLEAN" name="iconUseState" label="Icon depends on state">
  <PropDescription>
    Use the state of the Item to get a dynamic icon (enabled by default for <code>Contact</code>, <code>Dimmer</code>, <code>Rollershutter</code> & <code>Switch</code> Item types) (for openHAB icons only)
  </PropDescription>
</PropBlock>
</PropGroup>
</div>

### Slider
<div class="props">
<PropGroup name="slider" label="Slider">
<PropBlock type="TEXT" name="item" label="Item" context="item">
  <PropDescription>
    Item to control
  </PropDescription>
</PropBlock>
<PropBlock type="DECIMAL" name="min" label="Min">
  <PropDescription>
    Minimum value
  </PropDescription>
</PropBlock>
<PropBlock type="DECIMAL" name="max" label="Max">
  <PropDescription>
    Maximum value
  </PropDescription>
</PropBlock>
<PropBlock type="DECIMAL" name="step" label="Step">
  <PropDescription>
    Minimum interval between values
  </PropDescription>
</PropBlock>
<PropBlock type="BOOLEAN" name="vertical" label="Vertical">
  <PropDescription>
    Display the slider vertically
  </PropDescription>
</PropBlock>
<PropBlock type="BOOLEAN" name="label" label="Display Label">
  <PropDescription>
    Display a label above the slider knob while sliding
  </PropDescription>
</PropBlock>
<PropBlock type="BOOLEAN" name="scale" label="Display Scale">
  <PropDescription>
    Display a scale on the slider
  </PropDescription>
</PropBlock>
<PropBlock type="INTEGER" name="scaleSteps" label="Scale steps">
  <PropDescription>
    Number of (major) scale markers
  </PropDescription>
</PropBlock>
<PropBlock type="INTEGER" name="scaleSubSteps" label="Scale sub-steps">
  <PropDescription>
    Number of scale minor markers between each major marker
  </PropDescription>
</PropBlock>
<PropBlock type="TEXT" name="unit" label="Unit">
  <PropDescription>
    Unit for the command sent and also append to the label while dragging the cursor, leave empty to use Item's unit
  </PropDescription>
</PropBlock>
<PropBlock type="BOOLEAN" name="ignoreDisplayState" label="Ignore Display State">
  <PropDescription>
    Ignore the display state if available and always use the raw state.
  </PropDescription>
</PropBlock>
<PropBlock type="BOOLEAN" name="releaseOnly" label="Send command only on release">
  <PropDescription>
    If enabled, no commands are sent during sliding
  </PropDescription>
</PropBlock>
<PropBlock type="INTEGER" name="commandInterval" label="Command Interval">
  <PropDescription>
    Time to wait between subsequent commands in ms (default 200)
  </PropDescription>
</PropBlock>
<PropBlock type="INTEGER" name="delayStateDisplay" label="Delay State Display">
  <PropDescription>
    Time to wait before switching from displaying user input to displaying item state in ms (default 2000)
  </PropDescription>
</PropBlock>
</PropGroup>
</div>


<!-- GENERATED /props -->

<!-- If applicable describe how properties are forwarded to a underlying component from Framework7, ECharts, etc.:
### Inherited Properties

-->

<!-- If applicable describe the slots recognized by the component and what they represent:
### Slots

#### `default`

The contents of the oh-slider-item.

-->

<!-- Add as many examples as desired - put the YAML in a details container when it becomes too long (~150/200+ lines):
## Examples

### Example 1

![](./images/oh-slider-item/example1.jpg)

```yaml
component: oh-slider-item
config:
  prop1: value1
  prop2: value2
```

### Example 2

![](./images/oh-slider-item/example2.jpg)

::: details YAML
```yaml
component: oh-slider-item
config:
  prop1: value1
  prop2: value2
slots
```
:::

-->

<!-- Try to clean up URLs to the forum (https://community.openhab.org/t/<threadID>[/<postID>] should suffice)
## Community Resources

- [Community Post 1](https://community.openhab.org/t/12345)
- [Community Post 2](https://community.openhab.org/t/23456)
-->
